$10 toaster all the way to a $400
toaster how good can toast get at $10
very cheap and plasticky and kind of
hollow oh we're done the top does look
quite untouched it's a bit sad and wet
three out of 10 at five times that price
we have the Russell Hobs futur toaster
wa it is slightly lighter in color but
it is actually cooked all the way along
M significantly crunchier that is a
strong six at $200 then we have the
KitchenAid toaster you can either have
four normal slices of toast or two
massive slices of toast is it going to
taste better though oh wow it's like 40
seconds M probably a seven and now at
$400 this is the Bal muda steam toaster
you pour water in here which the toaster
then turns into steam to crisp up bread
on the outside while still keeping it
soft and fluffy on the inside you can so
tell the bread has been looked after in
there the crunch is absolutely unreal 10
out of 10